
TODO LIST (WISH LIST):

A hud showing cooldowns for attack, cast, and all coolabilities

do math on tick/vig amounts to determine when to stop vigging
catch "Please wait x more seconds" on quit attempt
haste thread (hc and sh), search thread (searchc and ssearch)
- Rewrite KillThread and CastThread to use the MudReader 
  instead of the other way around.
haste, steel bottles, silver chalices.
restoratives
### Someone just flashed,
Someone just wandered to the out.  (hidden mobs)
The 2nd actress blocks your exit.  (bug: attacks the 1st actress)
remove unneccessary __init__s

TODO... "You feel slower" mid combat causes bot to miss a swing (registers too late)
TODO... try using 'in' operator instead of list searches.
TODO... fix rest algorithm not to time out
TODO... mages cast faster (change timers)
TODO... a "set chase" functionality which will automatically chase
        mobs that run or chase command
TODO... a "keep item" list, sell all, drop all.
TODO combat with circle
TODO implement MAXHP, MAXMP,
TODO reverse engineering ticker timings from Piety and maintain current health
TODO haste timers and thread.
TODO remove prints from selling algorithm, handle multiple grey cloaks
(add numbers and sell in decreasing order, and not sell 'empty strings if
could not fit)
TODO do not crash on empty inventory at tip
TODO check mob level before engaging... not need mana for low level mobs etc.
 (smarter decide_whether_to_engage, maybe no MONSTER_KILL_LIST, but
  better lists to determine difficulty and better intelligence as to whether
  to engage mobs from each list level based on mana/health)
TODO when bot starts reinitialize things like MOBS_ATTACKING
TODO Make aura checking a little better
TODO when healing, instead of draining mana pool on vig, 
  find a way to only vig until health and mana are the same number 
  of ticks from max.
TODO fix parse_inventory_list!!!
TODO higher level chars should not wait for a tick if it won't get the entire 
 tick.
TODO: MOBS_ATTACKING only gets depopulated when the bot is killing mobs.
If a human player kills mobs then MOBS_ATTACKING fills up, and when bot 
is started it finds a way to empty the list but not a good way.
TODO: a Cooldowns data object.
TODO: Figure out why the info command output isn't always complete...
the table pruned by the game doesn't get all the way through.
TODO: make a Monster object.  Reason: right now the bot decides what 
  what monsters to fight by altering his path (not going to kobold cave.)
  He should really decide at combat time as well (decide whether to fight 
  mob should include an aura check).  This is best done with Monster objects.
  Maybe there's a clever way to do their check for equality so that the string 
  comparisons can be done in the same way (like if (Monster x == 'acolyte')).  
TODO: fix bug:
  Items picked up on the way to the tip after going to the shop may have 
  value would be dropped at the tip.
  Fix: will have to keep track of the state of going to the tip and not 
  drop items that were dropped on the way.  
  More comprehensive: A database of items to drop and sell would 
  deprecate the above fix.
TODO: use items.  Keep like 3 each of steel and chalice and like 8 
restoratives but otherwise use them up.
